added user pod anti-affinity (#284)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/administration/configuration.mdx

When enabled Okteto automatically adds a preferred affinity to every pod, which leans towards placing pods from the same namespace and in the same node (default: `true`).

>  - `antiaffinity`: When enabled Okteto adds a pod anti-affinity to ensure all pods in same Namespace are placed together. Disabled by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `antiaffinity`: When enabled Okteto adds an anti-affinity to the pod to ensure that all pods in the same namespace are placed in the same node. Disabled by default
```

```yaml
userPodAffinity:
  enabled: true

>   antiaffinity: 

Reviewer: @pchico83 can we fix the casing to `antiAffinity` so it's consistent with the rest of the properties?
